
I think I could expand on this more
- What people ask me about modeling
- How I felt when I thought I lost all my pictyres
    - Realized now I would be more inclined to talk about how I felt day to day rather than show a picture for a wowsie impact
- Glad I got to see behind the smoke and mirrors - no one's having fun. Everything's essentially the same between high fashion and low fashion.
- An epiphany about the rat race of the seats at a fashion show. What happens when your front row. Are you then terrified you're going to lose your seat? People can just decide you aren't important and then you go away. You lose standing
- What matters is so much focused on what other poeple think
    - I am so much less anxious and wrapped up in the standing of things because it so doesn't matter. I've seen the peak and it just baffles me. I
    - I remember being back home in Seattle and being dumbstruck when one of my friends complained that she was getting more fat on their arms. I just wanted to say (very rudely) "literally no one's looking at you why do you care". I was getting measured and weighed by my agents, if I didn't fit into clothing it disrupted everyone's work day on set, me gaining weight meant losing out on potential of tens of thousands of dollar. Her having more fat on her arms had no consequuences. Now I know that's not necessarily true, people are fatphobic and can relay their own insecurities onto you or be mean to you about it but, at least I'd hope, people in your life simply do not care. 
    - It may seem wild but modeling almost short circuited my brain into not caring about my weight. There was so much artificial pressure by the industry that just got released immediately when I left. Now my weight or shape of body has little to no effect on me because it just does not matter. I'm not missing out money because of it, no one's measuring me, I just get to live my life and the people around me just don't care.
    - I must also write though that for context - I'm still quite slim. If I had a large fluctuation in weight and my conception of myself changed drastically I would probably feel a lot different. But this is where I'm at now.


# Original writing

- [Operation Jakey-Jakes and Ry-Ry - Funny 'Life' Interview (2017) - @RottenTomatoes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox5_jc3LGdE&list=PL6PpvL5MZA-qs14aoI4FGkaH32dKACrj-&index=41) - This is first of all an incredibly funny video but also touches on something a little deeper. In this video you can tell Jake Gyllenhall and Ryan Renolds have obviosuly been absolutely slammed by their press junket for this movie they're promoting, they can hardly keep it together, and the interviewer is able to put aside their needs for a moment and just let them ramble. Then, once they've all composed themselves, she actually asks them a question they genuinely get excited about. A question so simple that they don't have to wrack their brains to give a deep thoughtful answer but it still shows an insight into what would have affected them while working on the movie. It shows a deep respect for the actors and actually allows them to talk about what their experience was day to day on set instead of trying to manufacture an experience of grandiosity about what it means to work on a movie. As someone who used to work in the fashion industry modeling for runway shows, I literally cried when I was given soft moccasins to wear instead of heels that were too small for me and were going to give me blisters. That experience of day to day comfort in a usually uncomfortable situation on set (or backstage at a runway show) is not the air of grandiosity people want to hear about but it's the day to day meaningful moments for those in them. 